to everything there is a season a time
for every purpose under heaven
a time to be born and a time to die a
time to plant and a time to pluck what
is planted a time to kill and a time to
heal a time to break down and a time to
build up a time to weep and a time to
laugh a time to mourn and a time to
dance a time to cast away stones and a
time to gather stones a time to embrace
and a time to refrain from embracing a
time to gain and a time to lose a time
to keep and a time to throw away a time
to tear and a time to sew a time to keep
silence and a time to speak
a time to love and a time to hate a time
of war and a time of peace what profits
has a worker from that in which he
Labor's I have seen the god-given tasks
with which the sons of men are to be
occupied he has made everything
beautiful in his time also he has put
eternity in their hearts except that no
one can find out the work that God does
from beginning to end I know that
nothing is better for them than to
rejoice and to do good in their lives
and also that every man should eat and
drink and enjoy the good of all his
labour it is the gift of God I know that
whatever God does it shall be forever
nothing can be added to it and nothing
taken from it God does it that man
should fear before him that which is has
already been and what is to be has
already been and God requires an account
of what is past
moreover I saw Under the Sun in the
place of judgments wickedness was there
and in the place of righteousness
iniquity was there I said in my heart
God shall judge the righteous and the
wicked for there is a time there for
every purpose and for every word I said
in my heart concerning the condition of
the sons of men God tests them that they
may see that they themselves are like
animals for what happens to the sons of
men also happens to animals
one thing the Falls them as one dies so
dies the other surely they all have one
breath man has no advantage over animals
for all is vanity all go to one place
all are from the dust and all returned
to dust who knows the spirit of the sons
of men which goes upward and the spirit
of the animal which goes down to the
earth
so I perceived that nothing is better
than that a man should rejoice in his
own works for that is his heritage for
who can bring him to see what will
happen after him
[Music]
you